Grant of Software License

This license is being granted by ALMACO, a company incorporated in the state of Iowa, U.S.A.

ALMACO grants to you (the “Licensee”) a non-exclusive right to use this ALMACO software
including any updates thereto provided to you by ALMACO (the “Software”).
This license agreement is valid without the Licensor’s or Licensee’s signatures.
It becomes valid upon the Licensee’s use of the Software.

Ownership of Software.
ALMACO or its licensors may have patents or pending patent applications,trademarks,
copyrights, trade secret rights, or intellectual property rights covering the Software and all
materials delivered to you along with the Software (user manuals and other documentation).
You acknowledge that the Software and such materials are the property of ALMACO or its licensors
and that the only rights you have with respect to the Software and related materials is the right
to use them in accordance with the terms of this license.  You acknowledge that no title to the
intellectual property in the Software is transferred to you.  You may not sublicense the use or
ownership of this software to any other parties.

Additional Software, Services, and Updates.
This EULA applies to updates, supplements, add-on components, and product support services of the
Software that you may obtain from ALMACO or its affiliates, providers, or licensors, unless you
accept updated terms or another agreement governs.

Modification and Reverse Engineering.
You agree that you will not and will not attempt to,
(a) modify any part of the Software or
(b) reverse engineer, decompile, translate, or disassemble any part of the Software.

Separation of Components.
The Software is licensed as a single product.  Its component parts may not be separated for use
on more than one system.  You may only use this software with the product it was intended to operate.

Backup Copy.
You may make one (1) backup copy of the Software.  You may use this backup copy solely for your
archival purposes and to reinstall the Software on its affiliated system.  You may not loan, rent,
lend, or otherwise transfer the backup copy to another user.

Limited Warranty.
ALMACO warrants to the original consumer purchaser of this Software that the recording media on which
the software is recorded will be free from defects in material and workmanship for one year from date
of purchase.  If the medium is found defective ALMACO agrees to replace, free of charge, any products
discovered to be defective upon receipt of the defective product

No Liability for Consequential Damages.
Except as prohibited by law, neither ALMACO nor its affiliates, providers, or licensors are liable to
you for any consequential, special, indirect, or incidental damages whatsoever (including, without
limitation, damages for loss of data or computer time, loss of business profits, business interruption,
loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the delivery, use, or
inability to use the Software.  This limitation shall apply even if any component of the Software fails
of its essential purpose.  In no event shall ALMACO or its affiliates, providers, or licensors be
liable for any amount in excess of the license or other fees paid by you to ALMACO, if any.

Notice Regarding Data Security.
To help protect against data loss and breaches of security, frequently and periodically back up your
data and system information.

Consent of Data Use.
You agree that ALMACO may collect and use technical information gathered in any manner as part of
product support services related to the Software.  ALMACO may use this information solely to improve
their products or provide customized services or technologies to you.  ALMACO may disclose this
information to others, but not in a form that may personally identify you.

Exclusivity of Use and Transfer.
The Software may not be shared, transferred to, or used concurrently on multiple computers.  The
Software is licensed as part of an integrated system and may only be used with the affiliated system.
You may transfer your rights under this EULA only as part of a permanent sale or transfer of the
complete system, provided you retain no copies of the Software.  If the Software is an upgrade, any
transfer must also include all prior versions of the Software.  The transfer may not be an indirect
transfer, such as a consignment.  Prior to the transfer, the end user receiving the Software must agree
to all of the terms in this EULA.

Product Support.
For product support, please refer to the ALMACO support number provided in the documentation of the
Software or integrated system.  ALMACO reserves the right, at any time, to discontinue service, product
support, and the issuance of updates for the Software.

Export Restrictions.
You acknowledge that the Software is subject to U.S. and European Union export jurisdiction.  You agree
to comply with all applicable national and international laws that apply to the Software, including U.S.
Export Administration Regulations, end-user, end-use, and destination restrictions issued by the U.S.
and other governments.

Severability.
In the event that any provision of this agreement is found to be illegal by any court of jurisdiction.
All remaining provision will survive and continue to be in full effect.

Jurisdiction.
The validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be controlled by and construed
under the laws of the State of Iowa.  End User agrees that all actions, litigation or proceedings
related to this agreement in state or federal court will be conducted in the State of Iowa, the end user
waives any objection to this jurisdiction.

Termination.
You may terminate this license at any time by destroying the Software and all copies.  Without prejudice
to any other rights, and without notice, ALMACO may terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with the
terms and conditions of this license.  In such an event, you must destroy all copies of the Software and
all its component parts.
